feat: V6 updates to toggle, library, setup, analytics and storage (#5870)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib-v1/analytics/js/identifyuser.mdx

> This call sends information about the current user (which could be unauthenticated or authenticated) to Amazon Pinpoint.
> 
> You can provide `name`, `email` and `plan`, as well as location information with `AnalyticsUserProfile.Location`. You can also send additional custom attributes using  `AnalyticsProperties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This API sends information about the current user to Amazon Pinpoint.

Additional information such as the user's name, email, location, and device can be included by specifying the `UserProfile`. Custom attributes can also be included by setting `UserProfile.attributes`.

You can provide `name`, `email` and `plan`, as well as location information with `AnalyticsUserProfile.Location`. You can also send additional custom attributes using  `AnalyticsProperties`.
```

> If the user is signed in through [Amplify.Auth.signIn](/lib/auth/signin), then you can retrieve the current user's ID as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user was signed in through [signIn](/lib/auth/signin) you can retrieve the current user's ID as shown below:
```

```js
import { identifyUser } from "aws-amplify/analytics";
import { getCurrentUser } from "aws-amplify/auth";

> const user = await getCurrentUser(); 
> 

Reviewer: Await can't be used at module-scope

```suggestion
```

const location = {
    latitude: 47.606209,
    longitude: -122.332069,
    postalCode: "98122",
    city: "Seattle",
    region: "WA",
    country: "USA"
};

> let properties = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const attributes = {
        name: "username",
        email: "name@example.com",
        plan: "plan",
```

    "phoneNumber": "+11234567890",
    "age": 25
}

let userProfile = {

>     name: "username",
>     email: "name@example.com",
>     plan: "plan",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    location: location,
    properties: properties
}

> identifyUser({
>     userId: user.userId,
>     userProfile: userProfile
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
async function sendUserData() {
    const user = await getCurrentUser(); 

    identifyUser({
        userId: user.userId,
        userProfile: userProfile
    });
}
```
